# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
We utilized the UCI bank marketing data set to predict if a customer will suscribe. The data contains contacts made by a Portuguese bank to its clients. Each sample contains personal information about the client (E.g. age, job, housing), information about previous contacts with the client, and financial informaion of the client. A full description of the dataset can be found [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing).

We produced a Logistic regression model with SKlearn achieving a 91.279% accuracy. Using AutoML, we found a slightly more accurate model (MaxAbsScaler, LightGBM) with 91.3071% accuracy.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline

**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

